Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
SHREDDER!
HOW LONG MUST I PUT UP WITH
YOUR BLASTED INCOMPETENCE?
OH, THAT'S IT, KRANG. BLAME
THIS POWER SHORTAGE ON ME.
WELL, I JUST DID.
AND PUT OUT
THAT CANDLE.
IT'S HOT ENOUGH IN HERE.
AS YOU WISH.
STOP! CUT IT OUT!
I'LL REMEMBER THIS,
SHREDDER,
WITH EVERY CELL
OF MY CORTEX.
IF WE DON'T
GET OUR POWER BACK,
THIS COULD BE
THE END OF US.
LET'S YOU AND ME
WATCH TV.
YOU NUMSKULLS!
SHUT THAT OFF.
NO. WAIT.
TURN UP
THE SOUND.
AND SO, OUR CITY
IS PLAYING HOST
TO THE NAVY'S LARGEST
NUCLEAR-POWERED SUBMARINE.
THIS REMARKABLE CRAFT CAN
STAY UNDERWATER INDEFINITELY
THANKS TO ITS VAST SUPPLY
OF NUCLEAR ENERGY.
HO HO! THAT'S IT.
NUCLEAR ENERGY,
OODLES OF IT.
THAT'S HOW WE'LL REPLENISH
THE TECHNODROME'S POWER.
YOU MEAN DRAIN IT
FROM THE SUBMARINE?
PRECISELY. THEN
NOTHING CAN STOP US
FROM DRILLING
UP TO THE EARTH.
NOTHING
EXCEPT THE TURTLES.
HO HO! NEVER FEAR.
I HAVE A SCHEME
TO HANDLE THOSE
WRETCHED REPTILES.
HURRY UP, IRMA, WE'VE GOT
TO GET BACK TO CHANNEL 6.
AW, DO WE
HAVE TO, APRIL?
I STILL HAVEN'T MET
ONE SINGLE SAILOR.
HOW CAN YOU
SAY THAT?
YOU WERE JUST TALKING
TO A WHOLE FLEET OF THEM.
I SAID
A SINGLE SAILOR.
ALL OF THEM ARE MARRIED.
BURNE WILL
BLOW A GASKET
IF I'M LATE
FILING THIS STORY.
NOW, COME ON.
LET'S MOVE IT.
NOW FOR
OPERATION BARNACLE.
AHA! SUCCESS.
NOW, SHREDDER,
START DRAINING
THE SUBMARINE'S POWER
INTO OUR STORAGE BATTERY.
IT WORKED!
WE HAVE ENERGY.
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
I DON'T KNOW, SIR. WE
SEEM TO BE LOSING POWER.
SOMETHING IS DRAINING
ALL OUR ENERGY.
NOW WE'RE LOSING
THE LIGHTS.
SOUND GENERAL QUARTERS.
AYE, AYE, CAPTAIN.
SO, LIKE, WHAT'S TAKING SO
LONG TO FIX THE BOOB TUBE, DUDE?
THESE THINGS
TAKE TIME, FELLAS.
SAVED BY THE BEEP.
YEAH, APRIL.
HELLO, FELLAS.
WANT TO COME OVER
AND WATCH A MOVIE
CLASSIC WITH IRMA AND ME?
TUBULOSO! WE'RE
PRACTICALLY THERE.
EXCELLENT. SOON WE'LL HAVE
STORED UP ENOUGH NUCLEAR POWER
TO BREAK THROUGH
TO THE SURFA
AND THIS WILL MAKE SURE
THOSE MEDDLESOME TURTLES
DON'T INTERFERE.
THEY LIVE
IN A SEWER.
THAT SMELL WON'T
FRIGHTEN THEM AWAY.
THIS POTION
ISN'T TO FRIGHTEN THEM.
IT'LL MAKE THEM
FALL IN LOVE.
LOVE?
YES!
HEAD OVER FLIPPERS.
WITH THE VERY
FIRST FEMALE
THEY LAY
THEIR EYES ON.
AND JUST HOW DOES
THAT HELP US?
THEY'LL BE SO
SMITTEN WITH JEALOUSY,
THEY'LL BE TOO BUSY
FIGHTING EACH OTHER
TO FIGHT AGAINST US.
OH, KRANG! THAT'S THE
MOST DEVIOUS, SINISTER IDEA
YOU'VE EVER
COME UP WITH.
I LIKE IT.
OK, THIS
IS THE PLACE.
ALL WE GOT TO DO
IS SNEAK IN
AND POUR THIS LOVE
GUNK ON THE PIZZAS.
NOW, LET'S
GET GOING.
MICHELANGELO, WHY
ARE YOU STOPPING?
I FIGURED I'D
PICK UP SOME PIZZA.
I HATE TO GO
VISITING EMPTY-HANDED.
OR EMPTY-STOMACHED.
WELL,
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
THOSE GREEN WIMPS
ARE BUYING THE PIZZAS
RIGHT NOW, BOSS.
EXCELLENT. I WISH
I COULD BE THERE
WHEN THEY TAKE
THEIR FIRST BITE...
AND WHEN THEY SEE
THEIR FIRST FEMALE.
I THOUGHT THAT PIZZA WAS
SUPPOSED TO BE FOR APRIL AND IRMA?
YOU KNOW WOMEN, THEY'RE
ALWAYS ON A DIET.
TRUST ME.
THEY'LL THANK US.
UGH. DOESN'T IT TASTE
KIND OF STRANGE?
FACE IT, BUD.
PEANUT BUTTER AND CLAMS
IS AN ACQUIRED TASTE.
WHAT ABOUT YOU,
DONATELLO?
NO, THANKS.
I'M DRIVING.
LAST STOP.
APRIL'S PLACE.
OHH. I'M FEELING
KIND OF WEIRD.
OH, ME, TOO.
LIKE TOTALLY BIZARRO.
SAME HERE.
MAYBE WE HAD
TOO MUCH PIZZA.
HI, GUYS.
WHERE'S APRIL?
BURNE SENT HER OVER TO COVER
A STORY AT THE SUBMARINE BASE.
SOMETHING FISHY IS
GOING ON THERE.
I'VE GOT TO GET DOWN TO THE
OFFICE AND COVER FOR HER.
WAIT! MY DARLING!
COME BACK!
MAYBE WE OUGHT TO GO
DOWN TO THE PIER
AND SEE WHAT'S UP.
UH, FELLAS?
NO WAY, JOSE! I'VE GOT
TO BUY IRMA SOME FLOWERS.
CHEAPSKATE.
I'M GETTING HER FURS.
YOU BOTH LOSE.
I'M BUYING HER
DIAMONDS.
NOW, WHAT'S GOTTEN
INTO THEM?
FOR ME?
AH! YOU GOT
TO BE KIDDING.
EH, YOU'RE IRMA,
AIN'T YOU?
EH, THEN THEY'RE
FOR YOU.
"FROM YOUR HANG-TEN
HONEYBUNCH."
OH, PLEASE, YOU GOTTA
TELL ME WHO THEY'RE FROM.
THREE DIFFERENT GUYS ALL
WEARING SAILOR SUITS.
THREE DIFFERENT SAILORS?
I'VE HIT
THE NAVAL JACKPOT.
COME IN, TURTLES.
WHERE ARE YOU?
THIS IS
AN EMERGENCY.
APRIL, WHERE ARE YOU
CALLING FROM?
THE NUCLEAR
SUB STATION.
THE ENTIRE CREW
HAS DESERTED,
EVEN THE CAPTAIN.
DO YOU THINK SHREDDER
MIGHT BE INVOLVED?
I'D BET ON IT.
WE'D BETTER
GET THERE QUICK.
GET SERIOUS,
DUDE.
IRMA'S MY GIRL,
I TELL YA.
THE HECK SHE IS.
SHE'S MINE!
IRMA BELONGS TO ME.
WHAT AM I SAYING?
I WANT BOTH YOU BOZOS TO
STAY AWAY FROM MY GIRL.
YOUR GIRL?
IRMA BELONGS TO ME.
THE HECK SHE DOES.
SHE'S MINE.
STOP! WHAT'S
THIS ABOUT?
THEY'RE IN LOVE,
MASTER.
THAT IS GOOD.
BUT WITH
THE SAME WOMAN.
THAT IS BAD,
ESPECIALLY WHEN THEY
SEEM TO HAVE FORGOTTEN
THEY ARE TURTLES.
I DON'T KNOW HOW, BUT
I HAVE THIS FEELING
THAT SHREDDER ENGINEERED
THIS ENTIRE THING.
SHREDDER INSPIRING LOVE?
THAT WOULD BE
MOST UNUSUAL
FOR A MAN WHO
SPECIALIZES IN HATE.
ANOTHER PACKAGE
FOR IRMA.
WHAT IS IT
THIS TIME?
I DON'T
OPEN THEM, LADY.
I JUST SCHLEP 'EM.
IT MUST BE
ANOTHER GIFT
FROM THOSE SEAGOING
SWEETHEARTS OF MINE.
OH! HOW ADORABLE.
IT'S A PUPPY...
WITH A NOTE
IN ITS MOUTH.
"MY FEELINGS FOR YOU ARE
MORE THAN PUPPY LOVE."
OH, YOU'RE FROM
A SAILOR, ALL RIGHT.
SOON THE TECHNODROME
WILL BE FULLY REPOWERED
AND WHEN IT IS,
WE SHALL STRIKE.
AND THE BEAUTIFUL PART IS
THOSE TURTLES WILL BE
POWERLESS TO STOP US.
YES! THAT LOVE POTION
SHOULD BE HAVING
ITS FULL EFFECT BY NOW.
AND WITH
THE TURTLES DIVIDED,
IT'S TIME TO CONQUER.
MASTER SPLINTER,
COME QUICKLY.
WHAT IS IT,
DONATELLO?
I ANALYZED SOME CRUMBS FROM
THAT PIZZA THE OTHER GUYS SHARED,
AND IT WAS LACED
WITH A LOVE POTION.
HMM. THAT WOULD EXPLAIN
THEIR SUDDEN
INFATUATION WITH IRMA.
IT DOES INDEED SOUND LIKE
ANOTHER OF SHREDDER'S EVIL PLOTS.
I'VE GOT TO COME UP WITH
AN ANTIDOTE AND PRONTO.
I WARN YOU, MY SON.
UNTYING THE HEARTSTRINGS OF
LOVE IS NOT AN EASY CHORE.
BOY, TRAVELING ALWAYS
GIVES ME AN APPETITE.
LUCKY THING
I SWIPED A SNACK
FROM THAT
PIZZA STORE.
HEY, MAYBE YOU SHOULDN'T
OUGHT TO BE EATING THAT.
IT'S GOT THAT LOVE-POTION
JUNK ALL OVER IT.
HEY, NOTHING'S GOING
TO HAPPEN TO THIS RHINO.
YOU KNOW, THESE LANDINGS
ARE GETTING A LOT SMOOTHER.
OK, WE'RE HERE.
NOW IT'S
TURTLE-TRASHING TIME.
ROCK STEADY AND BEBOP!
HEY, LOOK.
IT'S THAT APRIL BABE.
APRIL
-- THE PERFECT NAME FOR A JUNE WEDDING.
COME TO ME,
MY PRECIOUS.
NO WAY, HORN HEAD.
GOT YOU,
YOU GORGEOUS
CREATURE.
LOOK WHO'S CALLING
WHO A CREATURE.
I NEED SOME TURTLE HELP.
OH, NO.
NOW WHAT?
HMM. I CAN'T MAKE UP MY MIND
WHICH WEDDING DRESS TO ORDER,
THIS ONE
OR...THIS ONE.
COME BACK HERE
WITH THOSE LEDGERS.
YOU HEARD HIM,
YOU MANGY MUTT.
HEY, CUT THAT OUT!
WOULD YOU--
OH, YOU CUTE
LITTLE PUPPYKINS.
DID THOSE NASTY MEN
SCARE YOU?
FIRST I'M CALLING
THE DOG CATCHER,
THEN I'M CALLING
MY LAWYER.
VERNON, YOU'D BETTER BE
NICE TO ME,
OR I WON'T INVITE YOU
TO MY WEDDING.
AND YOU'D BETTER DO SOME
WORK AROUND HERE, YOUNG LADY,
OR YOU'RE HISTORY.
WHERE ARE YOU
TAKING ME?
INTO THIS ABANDONED SUB,
MY DARLING,
WHERE WE
CAN BE ALONE.
I KEEP TELLING YOU
YOU'RE NOT MY TYPE.
I GO FOR
HUMAN BEINGS.
MAKE YOURSELF COMFY,
LITTLE BUTTERCUP.
WE'RE GONNA BE HERE
FOR A WHILE.
OH! NOW I GET IT.
WE'RE GONNA WAIT UNTIL THE
TURTLES COME TO RESCUE HER,
AND THEN WE'RE GONNA
TRASH THEM, RIGHT?
WRONG, HOG BREATH.
THIS SUB'S GOING TO BE
OUR PERSONAL LOVE BOAT.
ME AND HER IS GONNA SAIL AWAY
ON OCEANS O'LOVE.
LET ME GO,
YOU DISGUSTING CREEP.
YOU'LL SEE.
ONCE WE'RE MARRIED,
YOU'LL LEARN TO LOVE ME.
I WOULDN'T MARRY YOU
IF YOU WERE
THE LAST MUTANT ON EARTH.
I'M PUTTING YOU
IN CHARGE
OF THE WEDDING
ARRANGEMENTS.
NOW, GO SWIPE A RING
AND KIDNAP A PREACHER.
HA HA! SURE THING.
THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY
TO REACH THE TURTLES.
IT'S A BIG SACRIFICE.
OH, ROCK STEADY,
MY DARLING.
HUH? YOU MEAN ME?
WHO ELSE WOULD I BE TALKING TO,
YOU HANDSOME HUNK OF HORN NOSE?
WHAT IS IT, MY SWEET?
IF WE'RE GOING
TO BE MARRIED,
I NEED
TO FRESHEN UP A BIT.
YOU SMELL OK TO ME.
BUT A BRIDE NEEDS HER
LIPSTICK AND MAKEUP.
AND I DROPPED MY COMPACT
BACK ON THE PIER.
NO SWEAT, HONEY BUN.
I'LL GET IT
FOR YOU.
LIPSTICK AND MAKEUP.
IF THAT IMBECILE
FINDS OUT
MY COMPACT IS REALLY
MY TURTLECOM,
I'M IN BIG TROUBLE.
HERE IT IS, HONEY BUN.
THANK YOU,
LOVE DOVE.
NOW, IF A GIRL COULD
HAVE SOME PRIVACY...
HEY, WHATEVER
SUGAR LIPS WANTS,
SUGAR LIPS GETS.
TURTLES, THIS
IS SUGAR LIPS--
ER, I MEAN APRIL.
COME IN, TURTLES!
APRIL, WHERE ARE YOU?
ROCK STEADY'S HOLDING ME
PRISONER ABOARD THE SUBMARINE.
KRANG AND SHREDDER ARE DRAINING
OFF ALL THE NUCLEAR POWER.
SO, THOSE CREEPS
WERE BEHIND THIS.
WORST OF ALL,
ROCK STEADY'S BEEN FED
SOME SORT
OF LOVE POTION
AND HE WANTS
TO MARRY ME!
I'VE JUST FINISHED
MIXING AN ANTIDOTE.
WE'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
DON'T GO AWAY.
FAT CHANCE.
AH, FINISHED.
REALLY, DONATELLO.
EVERY MOMENT COUNTS.
THIS IS NO TIME
TO THINK ABOUT PIZZAS.
IT'S NOT FOR ME, MASTER.
IT'S FOR THAT LOVE-STRUCK
TRIO IN THE NEXT ROOM.
I FINALLY WORKED OUT
THE ANTIDOTE.
PRAY IT WORKS, MY SON.
THE FATE OF APRIL,
YOUR BROTHER TURTLES,
AND THE ENTIRE WORLD
RESTS ON ITS SUCCESS,
BUT DON'T FEEL YOU'RE
UNDER ANY PRESSURE.
LOOK, FELLAS.
IT'S YOUR FAVORITE
PIZZA TOPPING--
CHOCOLATE CHILI.
FORGET IT.
I'M TOO IN LOVE TO EAT.
SAME HERE.
DITTO.
AW, IT'S NO USE,
MASTER.
PERHAPS IF YOU USED
A DIFFERENT APPROACH.
WHAT A PITY.
AFTER ALL THE TROUBLE IRMA
WENT TO IN PREPARING IT.
IRMA?
IRMA? IRMA?
LET ME HAVE IT.
NO. ME!
STAND BACK!
IT'S MINE!
QUICK THINKING,
MASTER.
OH! I JUST HAD THE
CRAZIEST NIGHTMARE.
I DREAMT I WAS
IN LOVE WITH IRMA.
MONDO WEIRD.
LIKE, WHAT'S GOING
DOWN, BOY GENIUS?
I'LL EXPLAIN LATER.
RIGHT NOW, WE'VE GOT TO
GET TO THE SUBMARINE BASE.
THERE'S THE SUBMARINE.
AND APRIL'S ABOARD IT.
YOU GUYS TAKE
THE DRY ROAD.
AND WE'LL TAKE
THE WET ROAD.
COWABUNGA!
THE NUCLEAR ENERGY
HAS BEEN TOTALLY DRAINED.
WE NOW HAVE FULL POWER.
WHAT? IT'S THOSE
BLASTED TURTLES.
NEVER FEAR.
THE FOOT SOLDIERS
WILL TAKE CARE OF THEM.
FOOT SOLDIERS
AT 5:00.
WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL?
WE'RE ONLY
OUTNUMBERED 2-1.
CHARGE!
YEAH!
ALONG WITH ROCK
STEADY AND BEBOP.
WE'VE BEEN LOOKING
IN THE WRONG PLACE.
THEY'RE GETTING AWAY
IN THAT LIFE RAFT.
YOU WON'T GET
AWAY WITH THIS!
IT'S THE TURTLES.
DON'T SWEAT, MY PET.
I WON'T LET THEM
INTERRUPT OUR WEDDING PLANS.
BEBOP, GIVE THEM A LITTLE
TASTE OF TORPEDO JUICE.
AYE, AYE, SKIPPER.
BYE-BYE,
TURTLES.
TORPEDO APPROACHING,
DEAD AHEAD.
DID YOU HAVE
TO USE THE "D" WORD?
I HOPE IT MISSES.
NO WAY.
IT'S RADIO CONTROLLED.
SEE?
CHILDRENS
AND MUTANTS FIRST!
WAIT FOR ME,
MY HAIRY HERO.
OOH! WHAT HAPPENED?
I FEEL
AWFUL STRANGE.
HELP!
SOMEBODY, HELP!
CHILL OUT, APRIL.
AM I GLAD
TO SEE YOU.
POOR APRIL.
I HATE TO LOVE THEM
AND LEAVE THEM.
THOSE WRETCHED REPTILES
HAVE RUINED EVERYTHING.
WRONG AS USUAL.
WE STILL HAVE ALL
THE SUBMARINE'S ENERGY
STORED IN OUR BATTERY.
I ASSURE YOU WE HAVE
THE UPPER HAND.
SO, KRANG.
ANOTHER BRILLIANT IDEA
OF YOURS DOWN THE DRAIN.
DON'T LOOK AT ME.
BLAME THOSE
MUTANT MORONS OF YOURS.
ROCK STEADY,
BEBOP!
MARK MY WORDS.
NEETER NEETER!
YOU GOT TO CATCH US FIRST.
SORRY YOU HAD TO LET THOSE TWO
GOONS ESCAPE BECAUSE OF ME.
IF I KNOW THEM, THEY'LL
BE BACK AGAIN SOON ENOUGH.
APRIL!
HI. I'VE BEEN LOOKING
ALL OVER FOR YOU.
YOU'RE GOING TO BE THE
MAID OF HONOR AT MY WEDDING.
YOUR WEDDING?
WHO ARE YOU
GOING TO MARRY?
MY THREE SAILORS
YOURSHOWS UP FIRST.
THREE SAILORS?
YOU GOT A PROBLEM WITH THAT?
NO, BUT YOU
MIGHT HAVE ONE.
I'M "YOUR SECRET LOVE."
I'M "YOUR
DEVOTED ADMIRER."
AND I'M "YOUR
HANG-TEN HONEYBUNCH."
YOU? A--A TRIO
OF TURTLES?
BELIEVE ME, FELLAS.
IT'S BETTER THIS WAY.
LIKE THEY SAY, THE COURSE OF
TRUE LOVE NEVER RUNS SMOOTHLY.
YEAH. IN OUR CASE,
IT JUST RUNS.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org